modules/contact/doc/content/source/constraints/ComputeDynamicWeightedGapLMMechanicalContact.md, before:

# ComputeDynamicWeightedGapLMMechanicalContact

This object is virtually analogous to [`ComputeWeightedGapLMMechanicalContact`](/ComputeWeightedGapLMMechanicalContact.md), but it is used for dynamic simulations with the Newmark-beta integrator. 

When the mortar mechanical contact constraints are used in dynamic simulations, the normal contact constraints need to be stabilized by ensuring that normal gap derivatives are included in the definition. This is a way of guaranteeing the 'persistency' condition, i.e. not only do we enforce the constraints instantaneously, but also that it will remain in contact. This approximate contact constraint stabilization is performed in  [`ComputeDynamicWeightedGapLMMechanicalContact`](/ComputeDynamicWeightedGapLMMechanicalContact.md), where the gap is defined as 

\begin{equation}
\begin{aligned}
(\tilde{g}_n)_j \coloneqq (\tilde{g}_n)_j - 0.5 (\cdot (\dot{\tilde{g}}_{n})_j \cdot \Delta t + \beta \cdot (\ddot{\tilde{g}}_{n})_{j} \cdot \Delta t^{2})
\end{aligned}
\end{equation}

where $\,\dot{}\,$ and $\,\ddot{}\,$ denote first and second order time derivatives, respectively, $\Delta t$ is the time step, and $\beta$ is a Newmark-beta integrator parameter.


!syntax description /Constraints/ComputeDynamicWeightedGapLMMechanicalContact

!syntax parameters /Constraints/ComputeDynamicWeightedGapLMMechanicalContact

!syntax inputs /Constraints/ComputeDynamicWeightedGapLMMechanicalContact

!syntax children /Constraints/ComputeDynamicWeightedGapLMMechanicalContact

Commit message:

Stabilization of mortar contact constraints for dynamics (#19671)
The nodal old weighted gap is used to trigger the enforcement of
the persistency condition (\dot(\tilde{gap}) * _dt) once nodes come
into contact. Examples show that contact forces are properly
stabilized. Small interpenetration may occur due to the time
discretization. The added parameter `capture_tolerance` can be
tuned to define the relative distance used to consider that a node
was "sufficiently" in contact at the previous step.

Also doing some clean up in this commit: Remove methods from
AutomaticMortarGeneration no longer needed and remove
and auxiliary kernel that had no purpose.

modules/contact/doc/content/source/constraints/ComputeDynamicWeightedGapLMMechanicalContact.md, after:

# ComputeDynamicWeightedGapLMMechanicalContact

!syntax description /Constraints/ComputeDynamicWeightedGapLMMechanicalContact

This object is virtually analogous to [`ComputeWeightedGapLMMechanicalContact`](/ComputeWeightedGapLMMechanicalContact.md), but it is used for dynamic simulations. 

When the mortar mechanical contact constraints are used in dynamic simulations, the normal contact constraints need to be stabilized by ensuring that the normal gap time derivative is included to guarantee a dynamic contact. This is means of guaranteeing the 'persistency' condition, i.e. not only do we enforce the constraints instantaneously, but also that it will remain in contact. This approximate contact constraint stabilization is performed in  [`ComputeDynamicWeightedGapLMMechanicalContact`](/ComputeDynamicWeightedGapLMMechanicalContact.md). Once nodal contact is established, the constraint enforcement is switched to the persistency equation: 

\begin{equation}
\begin{aligned}
(\tilde{g}_n)_j \coloneqq  \dot{\tilde{g}}_{nj} \cdot \Delta t
\end{aligned}
\end{equation}

where $\,\dot{}\,$ denotes the first time derivative, $\Delta t$ is the time step increment, $j$ refers to an arbitrary node.

The `capture_tolerance` is an optional contact parameter used in dynamic contact constraints to determine when to impose the persistency condition for normal contact. For relevant, general equations, see [!citep](tal2018dynamic).

!syntax parameters /Constraints/ComputeDynamicWeightedGapLMMechanicalContact

!syntax inputs /Constraints/ComputeDynamicWeightedGapLMMechanicalContact

!syntax children /Constraints/ComputeDynamicWeightedGapLMMechanicalContact
